FFWEB-1623 Add `ff-loading-spinner` documentation (#246)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/ff-loading-spinner.md

directly in Java Script code. The visibility of the element can be changed either with `is-active` attribute or by calling
its `show()` and `hide()` methods.

**NOTE:** It is not necessary to be in manual mode in order to manipulate the visibility of the element using its API. 
However, the default subscription callbacks might interfere with intended animation flow. Therefore it is recommended to 
use 'manual' when implementing visibility customizations.

```html
<!-- Active (visible) element -->
<ff-loading-spinner manual is-active></ff-loading-spinner>

<script>
/* Hiding the element */
document.querySelector('ff-loading-spinner').isActive = false;
</script>
```

An example of a scenario where the manual mode with visibility customizations can be applied is a custom event handler.

```html
<!-- Hidden element -->
<ff-loading-spinner manual></ff-loading-spinner>

<script>
/* using show wrapper in  callback */
document.addEventListener('custom-event', function () {
    const spinner = document.querySelector('ff-loading-spinner');
    spinner.show();
});
</script>
```

#### Changing color

> It is possible to change the element's stroke-color to fit into website design. A CSS color value should be passed to
> `stroke-color` attribute.

Reviewer: I think it's important here to mention it is **your** design not just any. It might be easier for readers to relate to the documentation.
Furthermore, we can be more specific that passing the color value is mandatory. There is no other official way to do so, so _should_ seems a little too weak here.
```suggestion
It is possible to change the element's stroke-color to fit into your website design. A CSS color value needs to be passed to the `stroke-color` attribute.
```

Alternatively to _"your (website design)"_, i see _"your website's design"_ as a possiblity. It's a little less buzzwordy and would also work well. But I also think this mainly a matter of style. Pick the one you deem more appropriate for the context.
```suggestion
It is possible to change the element's stroke-color to fit into your website's design. A CSS color value needs to be passed to the `stroke-color` attribute.
```

FACT-Finder Web Components. The spinner uses inexpensive CSS animations and does not trigger `layout` or `paint` 
operations in Blink and Gecko-based browsers.

_By default_ the element is activated by the following events:
- search
- filter
- clearFilter
- sort
- advisor

It is automatically deactivated when the action has completed.

**Example:** When a search request is sent via the `ff-searchbox`, the spinner is activated. As soon as the response from 
FACT-Finder is received, the spinner is deactivated.

## Usage

#### Default mode

Assuming that `ff-communication` and `ff-searchbox` have been integrated, `ff-loading-spinner` needs to be placed in HTML.

```html
<ff-loading-spinner></ff-loading-spinner>
```
As soon as a search request is sent to FACT-Finder, `ff-loading-spinner` will be displayed. When the response is received, 
the element will be hidden again.

#### Manual mode

In addition to the default subscription mode, the element also has a _manual mode_ in which the element will _not_ be 
subscribed to any events. Manual mode is activated when the `manual` HTML attribute is present. Adding the attribute will 

> unsubscribe the element form all events. Likewise, removing the attribute will subscribe the element again. Manual mode 

Reviewer: I missed one.
```suggestion
unsubscribe the element from all events. Likewise, removing the attribute will subscribe the element again. Manual mode 
```
